ISN'T THAT GARRETT'S CAR?
I THINK IT IS.
WHERE'S HE GOING?
( all gasp )
DAD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING
AT JASON'S HOUSE?
SPENCER DESERVES
SOME ANSWERS.
IT'S NONE OF YOUR
DAMN BUSINESS.
COLLEGE WILL BE A GREAT
EXPERIENCE FOR YOU.
YOU'LL LOOK BACK AND REALIZE
JUST HOW NAIVE YOU WERE.
REALLY?
WHAT IS THAT?
LIQUID COURAGE.
WANT SOME?
HIT ME.
KATE WAS DRINKING TOO.
KATE'S NOT DRUNK.
KATE JUST GAVE
A VERY TOUCHING TOAST...
ALONE.
YOU'RE DONE.
GIVE ME THE COMPUTER.
NO, LET GO!
( heavy thud )
MOM, ARE YOU OKAY?
WHEN YOUR FATHER GETS HOME,
THIS DID NOT HAPPEN.
HELLO, MAYA.
HELLO, EMILY.
YOU DIDN'T COME ALL THIS WAY
TO SEE MELISSA, DID YOU?
WHY DON'T WE CONTINUE
THIS OVER COFFEE?
I HAVE A BOYFRIEND NOW.
FINE. HOW 'BOUT TEA?
I DON'T REMEMBER A THING
FROM THE NIGHT ALI DIED.
I WOKE UP THE NEXT MORNING
WITH THIS.
HERE IS THE SUMMARY PAGE.
WHAT DOES IT SAY?
ALISON WAS BURIED ALIVE.
WHERE'S PAGE 5?
LOOK, HERE'S PAGE ONE...
2, 3, 4...
PAGE 6.
WHERE THE HELL
IS PAGE 5?
DR. SULLIVAN?
CAN YOU GET AHOLD
OF THE OTHER GIRLS
AND COME TO MY OFFICE NOW?
I KNOW WHO "A" IS.
SHE'S NOT HERE.
( cellphones ringing )
"THE DOCTOR IS OUT. 'A.'"
THEY, UH, THEY'VE
BEEN LIKE THIS SINCE
WE BROUGHT 'EM IN HERE.
HAVEN'T SAID A WORD.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S, UH,
THERE'S PROBABLY
A PROMOTION IN
THIS FOR YOU.
YOU WERE RIGHT ALL ALONG.
THEY'RE GUILTY,
AND NOW WE CAN PROVE IT.
DID YOU MISS ME?
THIS DOESN'T JUST
LOOK BAD, IT IS BAD.
HOMICIDE IS A CAPITAL
OFFENSE IN THE STATE
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
AND YOU GIRLS
ARE GOING DOWN.
* GOT A SECRET,
CAN YOU KEEP IT *
* SWEAR THIS ONE
YOU'LL SAVE *
* BETTER LOCK IT
IN YOUR POCKET *
* TAKIN' THIS ONE
TO THE GRAVE *
* IF I SHOW YOU
THEN I KNOW YOU *
* WON'T TELL WHAT I SAID
* 'CAUSE TWO CAN KEEP A SECRET
IF ONE OF THEM IS DEAD *
( doorbell rings )
DR. SULLIVAN,
ARE YOU HOME?
YOU'VE REACHED ANNE SULLIVAN.
I'VE BEEN CALLED OUT OF TOWN
ON A FAMILY EMERGENCY.
IF YOU NEED IMMEDIATE
ATTENTION,
PLEASE SEE YOUR PHYSICIAN
FOR A REFERRAL.
I GOT THE SAME VOICEMAIL.
YEAH, SHE PROBABLY SENT IT
TO ALL OF HER CLIENTS.
SHE'S NOT HERE.
LOOKS LIKE SHE DIDN'T
COME HOME LAST NIGHT EITHER.
SHE HASN'T CHECKED HER MAIL
OR PICKED UP HER PAPERS.
MAYBE WE SHOULD CALL
THE POLICE.
AND SAY WHAT TO OFFICER
GARRETT WHEN HE STARTS
ASKING QUESTIONS?
HANNA'S RIGHT.
GARRETT, JENNA,
IAN, JASON--
THEY'RE ALL CONNECTED,
AND WE CAN'T TRUST
ANY OF THEM.
LOOK, THE LAST TIME
SOMEBODY THOUGHT THEY
KNEW WHO "A" WAS,
SHE GOT HIT BY A CAR.
SORRY, HANNA.
OKAY, SO WHAT DO WE DO?
WE GO INTO
TERROR ALERT RED
AND HOPE THAT
OUR PHONES DON'T RING.
( cellphone rings )
THAT DID NOT
JUST HAPPEN!
IT'S MAYA.
LOOK AT YOU,
SUDDENLY ALL HAPPY.
SO, WAS IT, LIKE,
NONSTOP "JUST SAY NO"
AND SUNSET SING-ALONGS?
I WILL ADMIT TO
KNOWING ALL THE WORDS
TO "WHAT A FRIEND
WE HAVE IN JESUS,"
BUT I ALSO MET A LOT
OF COOL PEOPLE THERE.
COOL LIKE THE OSMONDS?
( chuckles )
GO WITH THE GOLD.
AND COOL LIKE YOU
DON'T END UP AT TRUE NORTH
BECAUSE
YOU'RE A CONFORMIST.
YOU KNOW, I HEARD THAT
THEY MAKE YOU LOOK
AT PICTURES...
HANNA, I LOVE YOU,
BUT I HAVEN'T HAD
A CHANCE TO TALK TO MAYA...
ALONE.
OH, THIS IS A DATE!
IT'S NOT A DATE.
AND I'M
THE CLUELESS GOOBER.
OKAY, LOOK, I'M REALLY
HAPPY THAT YOU'RE BACK,
AND I HOPE THAT WE...
OKAY, ARE THOSE
THIS SEASON?
WE'LL... TALK LATER.
( chuckles )
SURE.
AND I HOPE THE WEDDING
GOES BETTER THAN THE REHEARSAL.
WELL, I CAN'T IMAGINE
HOW IT COULD BE ANY WORSE.
( laughing softly )
IT'S SWEET THAT YOU GUYS
ARE GOING WITH HER.
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH
A LOT TOGETHER.
YOU HAVE GREAT FRIENDS.
I KIND OF THINK THAT'S
WHERE WE NEED TO START AGAIN.
YOU... JUST WANT
TO BE FRIENDS?
NO. I'M NOT SAYING THAT.
SO MUCH HAS HAPPENED,
AND...
I DON'T KNOW...
THIS EMILY.
I-I THINK YOU'LL LIKE HER.
I KNOW I WILL, BUT...
I WANT TO MAKE SURE
SHE STILL LIKES ME.
I WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT I'M THRILLED
YOU CALLED ME.
I SHOULD HAVE
CALLED YOU FIRST.
YOU SHOULD'VE.
BUT I FORGIVE YOU.
THANK YOU. I'LL PICK
IT UP IN AN HOUR.
WHAT DID THE MECHANIC SAY?
THE BRAKE FLUID WAS LOW.
WHAT?!
HOW DID THAT EVEN HAPPEN?
YOU TREAT THAT TRUCK
LIKE IT'S YOUR BABY.
THE BRAKE LINE WAS SEVERED.
I PROBABLY BACKED OVER
SOMETHING AT WORK.
YOU WERE JUST LUCKY
YOU WEREN'T ON THE HIGHWAY.
IF WE HAD A REAL BABY,
WHAT WOULD IT LOOK LIKE?
I'M PICTURING A NEWBORN
WITH A SIX-PACK.
( chuckles softly )
( laughing )
LOOKS LIKE JASON'S
TAKING DOWN HIS
WINDOW TREATMENTS.
HE SPENDS A LOT OF TIME
IN ALISON'S ROOM.
YEAH, WELL,
MAYBE HE LIKES THE VIEW.
SO, YOUR DAD DIDN'T
TELL YOU ANYTHING
ABOUT LAST NIGHT?
WHY WOULD YOUR DAD
BE OVER THERE?
LIKE I SAID,
HE JUST WOULDN'T TELL ME.
AND THAT WAS THE END
OF THE CONVERSATION?
YEAH.
SPENCER.
I KNOW YOU.
WHEN YOU WANT ANSWERS,
YOU GET THEM.
YEAH, WELL,
YOU MIGHT KNOW ME,
BUT YOU DON'T KNOW
MY DAD,
AND WHEN HE TELLS ME
TO MIND MY OWN BUSINESS,
THAT'S WHAT I DO,
SO CAN YOU JUST
GET OVER IT?
I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST,
THAT'S WHO HE IS.
AND YOU'RE OKAY WITH THAT?
WELL, I DON'T
HAVE A CHOICE.
I FEEL LIKE WE
ALWAYS HAVE A CHOICE.
( dialing )
THE MAILBOX YOU WERE
TRYING TO REACH IS FULL.
( doorbell rings )
YOU'RE EARLY.
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
OKAY, I WANT
TO SEE PICTURES,
I WANT TO HEAR DETAILS,
I WANT TO--
OKAY, I PROMISE,
I WILL RELIVE
THE ENTIRE TRIP,
BUT RIGHT NOW
WHAT I WANT IS FOR
YOU TO COME HERE.
THANK YOU.
FOR WHAT?
FOR BEING HERE.
HANNA, WHAT'S WRONG?
ASK ME WHAT'S RIGHT IF YOU
WANT A SHORTER ANSWER.
I THREW UP
ON ISABEL'S DRESS.
MY DAD HAS NEVER BEEN
MORE MAD AT ME,
AND AFTER TONIGHT,
KATE'S GONNA BE MY
WICKED STEPSISTER
FOR LIFE.
AND WHAT'S EVEN WORSE
IS I HAVE TO WEAR A DRESS
THAT DOESN'T FIT RIGHT.
I CAN'T FIND THE RIGHT BRA,
WHICH MEANS I'M GONNA HAVE
BACK FAT.
YOU COULD BE THE SKINNIEST
PERSON IN THE WORLD AND...!
HANNA, HANNA.
Shh.
IT REMINDS ME OF OLD TIMES
TO SEE YOU LIKE THAT.
I SAW YOUR CAR IN THE LOT,
THOUGHT YOU MIGHT LIKE
TO TAKE A COFFEE BREAK.
OH, UH...
ARE YOU WORKING
ON YOUR PAPER?
I REALLY CAN'T BELIEVE
IT'S GETTING PUBLISHED.
THE FIRST TIME'S
OVERWHELMING,
BUT I DON'T HAVE
TO TELL YOU THAT.
WHEN I READ
YOUR POEMS, I REMEMBER
HOW EASY IT WAS FOR ME
TO FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU.
JACKIE, UH...
I'M SEEING SOMEONE.
OF COURSE YOU ARE.
YOU'RE A TOTAL CATCH.
I'M SORRY I DIDN'T
REALIZE THAT EARLIER.
BUT I WONDER HOW THINGS
WOULD BE IF WE WERE
BOTH SINGLE.
BUT I'M NOT, SO, UH...
I KNOW. I GET IT.
TO MOVING ON.
TO... TO MOVING ON.
( cell phone vibrates )
( vibrates )
I WALKED TO THE OUTSIDE,
AND WHEN I CAME BACK
INSIDE, IT WAS HERE.
HERE? LIKE, IN THE MIDDLE
OF YOUR KITCHEN,
OR HERE ON YOUR PORCH
AND YOU BROUGHT IT INSIDE?
I HAVEN'T TOUCHED IT.
GUYS, I NEVER
TOLD YOU THIS,
BUT DR. SULLIVAN
REALLY HELPED ME.
YEAH, THAT WAS THE REASON
THAT WE TRUSTED HER.
SHE HELPED US ALL.
YOU DON'T THINK
HER EAR'S IN HERE, DO YOU?
OHH!
IT'S A BIG BOX FOR AN EAR.
"YOU HAVE UNTIL
SEVEN P.M. TO SAVE HER.
THESE ARE MY DEMANDS."
DOLLS?!
'KAY...
GUESS THIS IS YOURS.
WAIT.
Tinny Voice:
MAKE JACKIE GO AWAY.
IS THERE A CREEPIER WORD
THAN "CREEPY"?
WAIT, THIS IS THE PAPER
JACKIE'S GETTING PUBLISHED
ON THEODORE...
GéRICAULT?
HE'S THIS FRENCH PAINTER...
WHO PAINTED.
YEAH, IN A WORD.
BUT "A" ALSO GAVE YOU
THIS FRENCH ARTICLE
ON GéRICAULT,
AND... IT'S IDENTICAL
TO JACKIE'S PAPER.
SHE PLAGIARIZED THIS.
STOP THE WEDDING,
KEEP TOBY SAFE.
OH, MY GOD.
TOBY WAS DRIVING
HIS TRUCK THIS MORNING
AND HIS BRAKES WENT OUT.
THAT WASN'T AN ACCIDENT.
THAT WAS "A."
I DIDN'T GET ONE.
YOU'VE BEEN "A's"
TARGET FOR WEEKS, EM.
YEAH. MAYBE
"A's" BORED WITH YOU.
AND I MEAN THAT
AS A GOOD THING.
IF "A" WANTS TO SHUT ME UP,
SHE FOUND A WAY TO DO IT.
I MEAN, WE FINALLY
TELL SOMEONE THE TRUTH,
AND NOW
DR. SULLIVAN'S GONE.
"A" CAN DO THAT TO
ANYONE THAT WE CARE ABOUT.
SO WE DO THESE THINGS,
AND "A" GIVES HER BACK?
IS THAT WHAT WE'RE
SUPPOSED TO BELIEVE?
I GET THAT THIS IS A GAME,
BUT I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
SPENCE.
NO, IT'S BRILLIANT,
ACTUALLY.
"A" IS BEING OUR
ULTIMATE "FRIENEMY,"
FORCING US TO GET
WHAT WE WANT,
BUT KNOWING THAT
WHEN WE DO...
ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE.
BELIEVE ME, I REALLY
WANT TO GET RID OF JACKIE,
BUT IF I USE THIS
TO DO IT,
EZRA MAY NEVER FORGIVE ME.
THERE'S A REASON WE CAN'T JUST
GO AROUND TELLING THE TRUTH:
'CAUSE IT COMES BACK
TO BITE YOU, HARD.
Spencer: OKAY.
WE'VE GOT FIVE HOURS
TO OBEY OUR
CHUCKY DOLLS OR...
I SAW "A" PUSH IAN
OFF THAT BELL TOWER,
AND THERE WAS
NO HESITATION.
SPENCE,
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
SHE'S SAYING THAT IT FELT
LIKE IT WAS EASY FOR "A"
TO KILL SOMEONE.
AND I ONLY KNOW ONE WAY
TO KEEP TOBY SAFE,
AND THAT'S TO KEEP HIM
AWAY FROM ME.
OH.
I DIDN'T MAKE A CALL BEFORE.
I'D LIKE TO MAKE IT NOW.
I GOT
THE EXAMINER'S REPORT,
AND IT'S ALSO
MISSING PAGE 5,
SO I CHECKED OUR CASE FILES
IN THE COMPUTER SYSTEM.
SIR, THERE'S NO RECORD
OF PAGE 5 ANYWHERE.
WHAT WAS ON THAT PAGE?
IT WAS THE ANALYSIS
OF THE TRACE EVIDENCE
FOUND ON
THE VICTIM'S BODY.
YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT EVERY RECORD OF
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
FOUND ON THE DECEASED
IS GONE?!
( weeping )
I MADE A TERRIBLE MISTAKE,
AND I NEED YOU!
LOOKING FOR MR. FITZ?
WRONG FLOOR.
WHO ELSE KNOWS
ABOUT THIS? DOES EZRA?
NO.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I THINK YOU NEED
TO LEAVE HOLLIS.
OR?
I'M SORRY I HAD TO DO THIS.
( cellphone rings )
( ring )
( ringing stops )
( sighs )
DO YOU HAVE A PLAN YET?
EM, MY DAD WAS
M.I.A. FOR TWO YEARS,
AND I THOUGHT I'D NEVER
FORGIVE HIM FOR THAT,
BUT I HAVE.
IF I SCREW UP THIS WEDDING,
HE'S GONNA LEAVE AGAIN.
HAVE YOU TALKED TO HIM
SINCE LAST NIGHT?
HE TALKED TO MY MOM.
ISABEL HAD TO BUY
A NEW DRESS.
( soft knock at door )
I'LL, UM, MEET YOU
AT THE CHURCH, OKAY?
I'M SORRY
ABOUT LAST NIGHT.
I KNOW.
AND I'M SORRY I PUT
THAT MUCH PRESSURE ON YOU
TO MAKE THE TOAST.
THIS IS GONNA BE
AN ADJUSTMENT
FOR EVERYONE,
BUT... I THINK
WE CAN ALL FIND
A WAY TO GET ALONG.
ONE BIG HAPPY FAMILY.
IT CAN BE,
IF YOU ACCEPT IT.
DAD, ARE YOU REALLY
SURE YOU WANT TO DO THIS?
LOOK, I KNOW THAT
YOU AND MOM AREN'T
PERFECT TOGETHER,
BUT... I DON'T KNOW,
YOU WERE HAVING
SO MUCH FUN HERE.
YOUR MOM'S A LOT
SMARTER THAN I AM,
AND SHE HELPED ME
REALIZE I WAS AVOIDING
MAKING THIS COMMITMENT,
BUT IT'S NOT BECAUSE
I DON'T LOVE ISABEL.
IT'S JUST, SOMETIMES
WHEN THINGS ARE GOING
REALLY GOOD FOR ME,
I SCREW 'EM UP
BEFORE SOMEONE ELSE CAN.
I KNOW. IT DOESN'T MAKE
A LOT OF SENSE,
BUT IT'S A HABIT
I'M TRYING TO BREAK.
SO YOU REALLY DO
LOVE ISABEL?
SHE MAKES ME HAPPY, KIDDO.
SPENCER.
YOU'RE SCARING ME.
YOU SAID IT WAS IMPORTANT,
BUT YOU'RE NOT TALKING.
IT'S BECAUSE...
I KNOW WHEN YOU HEAR
WHAT I HAVE TO SAY...
YOU'LL REALIZE THAT
I'M NOT THE PERSON
YOU THINK I AM.
NO, THAT'S NOT TRUE.
I LIED TO YOU THIS MORNING.
MY DAD TOLD ME
A WHOLE LOT MORE
THAN JUST TO MIND
MY OWN BUSINESS.
I-I FEEL LIKE
WE'VE BEEN IN THIS
TOGETHER WITH YOUR FAMILY,
AND WITH JASON TOO.
YEAH.
SO WHAT I DON'T
UNDERSTAND IS WHY YOU LIED.
THERE'S...
THERE'S SO MUCH
THAT YOU DON'T KNOW.
AND I CAN NEVER TELL YOU.
DON'T YOU TRUST ME.
I THOUGHT WE
FELT THE SAME WAY
ABOUT EACH OTHER.
LOOK, I FOUND A WAY
TO SURVIVE MY SECRETS,
BUT EVERYBODY THAT
I CARE ABOUT GETS HURT.
AND YOU DESERVE TO BE
WITH SOMEBODY WHO CAN
BE HONEST WITH YOU,
SO, I'M SORRY.
SPENCER.
WAIT!
( gasping and sobbing )
( sobbing )
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL.
THANKS.
SO, HOW DID IT GO?
MIKE SEEMS RELIEVED,
AND HIS THERAPIST SAID
HE WAS REALLY OPEN
TO TALKING.
GOOD.
I'M SORRY
I ASKED YOU TO LIE.
YOU KNOW I DO TRY
TO DO EVERYTHING RIGHT,
AND SOMETIMES
I JUST GET IT WRONG.
TRUST ME, I UNDERSTAND.
MIKE WAS STARVING,
SO DAD TOOK HIM
TO PAPA'S PIZZA.
( laughing )
THAT SOUNDS LIKE MIKE.
SO I'M GOING TO GO TAKE
A LONG, HOT BATH
AND PRETEND FOR ONE
HOUR THAT I'M THE
PERFECT PARENT.
MOM.
WE ALL GET IT WRONG
SOMETIMES.
( doorbell rings )
OH, I GOT IT.
( ring )
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
FINISHING WHAT YOU STARTED.
MY MOM'S RIGHT UPSTAIRS.
SCARY, ISN'T IT,
PLAYING WITH FIRE.
YOU NEED TO LEAVE.
I MADE A HUGE MISTAKE
WHEN I LET HIM GO.
WELL, YOU'RE MAKING
AN EVEN BIGGER MISTAKE
BEING HERE RIGHT NOW.
THAT'S NOT HOW I SEE IT.
YOU AND I
ARE SIMILAR, ARIA.
I GUESS THAT MEANS
EZRA HAS A TYPE.
NO, I REALLY DON'T SEE
ANY RESEMBLANCE.
ACTUALLY,
YOU'RE A LOT LIKE ME.
WE'RE BOTH WILLING
TO DO WHATEVER IT
TAKES TO KEEP HIM.
YOU DON'T HAVE HIM
TO KEEP.
THAT'S ABOUT TO CHANGE.
I'M NOT LEAVING HOLLIS,
BUT YOU ARE LEAVING EZRA,
AND IF YOU MENTION
THIS CONVERSATION
OR MY RESEARCH
MATERIAL TO ANYONE...
I SUPPOSE
EZRA'S YOUNG ENOUGH
TO START OVER AGAIN
SOMEWHERE ELSE,
BUT THE FALLOUT OF
A STUDENT/TEACHER AFFAIR
HAS GOT TO BE A BITCH.
YOU KNOW THAT
THAT WOULD HURT HIM
WAY MORE THAN ME.
I DON'T
WANT TO HURT HIM...
BUT I WILL IF I HAVE TO.
( giggles )
CUTE DRESS.
PREPARE TO MAKE
A RIGHT TURN.
WHAT'S WEIRD.
MAKE AN IMMEDIATE RIGHT TURN.
( car horn blows sharply )
( Emily sighs )
I'M TAKING YOU TO HER.
GO ALONE.
RIGHT TURN, PLEASE.
( car horn blows sharply )
THAT LED AUTHORITIES
TO THE SUSPECTS,
BUT THAT'S ALL I CAN
GIVE YOU RIGHT NOW.
( overlapping questions )
OKAY, OKAY,
COME, LET'S GO.
OFFICER, CAN YOU
TELL US WHAT THEY
WERE TRYING TO HIDE?
OFFICER, WAS IT A BODY?
HEY, I SAID MOVE.
I SHOULD PROBABLY
GET GOING.
I WAS JUST THINKING
OF THE EVENING
YOU CAUGHT ME
SNEAKING A SMOKE.
YEAH.
YOU LOOKED STUNNING...
AND THIS IS HISTORY
REPEATING ITSELF.
THANK YOU.
NOT FOR THE COMPLIMENT,
BUT FOR THE RIDE HOME
AND LISTENING TO ME.
I REALLY DON'T EVER
LET MYSELF CRY IN
FRONT OF ANYBODY,
BUT YOU MADE IT
REALLY EASY.
YEAH, I OFTEN HAVE
THAT EFFECT ON WOMEN.
I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY
KNOWN A GUY WHO
CARRIED A HANKY,
SO... SO I DON'T...
REALLY KNOW WHAT
THE PROTOCOL IS.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU
WANT ME TO WASH IT
FIRST OR JUST...
MAYBE YOU TALKED
YOURSELF OUT OF THE
CARPENTER TOO SOON.
NONE OF US
ARE PERFECT, SPENCER.
WE ALL COME WITH BAGGAGE.
YEAH, WELL,
THE CARPENTER HAS A NAME,
AND HE WOULD
NEED A FORKLIFT
TO MANEUVER
THROUGH MY TONNAGE
OF EMOTIONAL DEBRIS.
YOU KNOW, I'M ACTUALLY
CERTIFIED TO OPERATE
ONE OF THOSE.
NO, I CAN'T IMAGINE
YOU OPERATING
ANY SORT
OF HEAVY MACHINERY.
YEAH, ME NEITHER.
I MADE THAT UP.
BUT I DID
GET YOU TO SMILE.
I REALLY NEED TO GO.
WHOA. HERE.
THANKS.
I KNOW THIS IS INCREDIBLY
INAPPROPRIATE FOR ME TO SAY,
BUT I'M
DESPERATE TO KISS YOU.
I DON'T THINK
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
I'M SURE YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY, BUT I'VE BEEN
DYING TO DO THAT.
YOU HAVE TERRIBLE TIMING.
AMONGST OTHER THINGS.
( church bell peals )
HANNA SAID THAT EMILY
LEFT BEFORE SHE DID.
EM, WHERE ARE YOU?
I'M WORRIED, SPENCE.
YOU'RE NOT ALONE.
THEY REALLY DO LOOK HAPPY.
TRY TO CONTAIN
YOUR ENTHUSIASM.
WHY SO GLUM, HANNA?
FEELING A LITTLE HUNG?
( cellphone rings )
I THINK YOUR PURSE
IS RINGING.
THAT'S A VERY
HANDSOME SUIT.
AND THAT IS
A VERY PRETTY DRESS.
BUT YOU SHOULD KNOW
IT GIVES YOU BACK FAT.
YOU HAVE ARRIVED
AT YOUR DESTINATION.
LOVE ONE ANOTHER,
BUT NOT MAKE A BOND OF LOVE.
LET IT BE AS A MOVING SEA
BETWEEN THE SHORES
OF YOUR SOULS.
FILL EACH OTHER'S CUP,
BUT DRINK NOT FROM ONE CUP.
GIVE ONE ANOTHER
OF YOUR BREAD...
( mouthing silently )
...BUT EAT NOT
FROM THE SAME LOAF.
SING AND DANCE TOGETHER
AND BE JOYOUS,
BUT LET EACH ONE OF YOU
BE ALONE,
EVEN AS THE...
ISABEL?
CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A MOMENT?
UH, HANNA,
WHATEVER IT IS,
IT CAN WAIT.
UM, NO, IT CAN'T, DAD.
UH. AHEM.
LET'S GO INTO THE RECTORY.
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?
I think Hanna's about
to need a getaway car.
Yeah. Let's go.
WHEN MY DAD
CAME BACK TO ROSEWOOD,
HE HOOKED UP WITH
MY MOM, AND, UM...
AND "HOOKED UP" MEANS
THAT THEY SLEPT TOGETHER.
I KNOW WHAT IT MEANS.
IS THIS... TRUE?
I'M SORRY.
( cellphone rings )
( ring )
DR. SULLIVAN?
( car engine running )
NO, NO, NO!
HELLO!
LET ME OUT!
SOMEBODY LET ME OUT!
( indistinct plea )
SOMEBODY HELP ME!
LET ME OUT!
YOU NEED TO GO HOME,
BOY. YOU HAVE NO
REASON TO BE HERE.
I'M NOT YOUR BOY,
AND I'M NOT LEAVING.
YOU ARE IN
NO POSITION TO ARGUE.
SPENCER!
I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU CAN'T TELL ME.
I CARE ABOUT YOU!
I LOVE YOU!
DO YOU HEAR ME?
SPENCER!
IT'S OKAY.
YOU'RE WITH ME NOW.
ALISON?
( chuckles softly )
IT'S SO GOOD TO SEE
YOU, EMILY.
I THINK I MISS YOU THE MOST.
JUST REST.
IT'S WHAT YOU NEED.
REST.
I NEVER TOLD YOU THIS,
BUT...
YOU WERE ALWAYS
MY FAVORITE.
NOBODY LOVED ME
AS MUCH AS YOU DID.
IS THIS WHAT DYING IS?
THAT BITCH THINKS
THIS IS WHAT YOU
REALLY WANT--
TO BE COMPLETELY
FREE OF "A."
DO YOU KNOW WHO "A" IS?
OF COURSE I DO.
YOU HAVE TO TELL ME.
I DON'T THINK
THAT'S A GOOD IDEA.
WHY?
BECAUSE TWO CAN
ONLY KEEP A SECRET
IF ONE OF THEM IS DEAD.
YOU HAVE TO DECIDE
WHAT YOU WANT, EMILY.
YOU CAN STAY HERE...
OR YOU CAN COME WITH ME.
SWEET EMILY.
Hanna: EMILY!
EMILY!
EM, ARE YOU OKAY?
WHAT HAPPENED?
SHE'S STILL ALIVE.
SHE WAS HERE.
DID YOU SEE DR. SULLIVAN?
I SAW ALISON.
( door opens )
Aria:
EM. ARE YOU OKAY?
I haven't said
a word to anyone.
They're... watching us.
WHAT DID THE DOCTOR SAY?
HE GAVE ME SOME OXYGEN.
I'M FINE.
I WANT
TO SEE MY DAUGHTER,
AND I WANT
TO SEE HER NOW.
I UNDERSTAND,
BUT I HAVE TO WAIT FOR
THE OFFICER IN CHARGE.
WELL, THEY'RE IN CUSTODY,
BUT THEY HAVEN'T BEEN BOOKED.
WELL, YEAH,
I UNDERSTAND, BUT...
I HAVE TO CALL YOU BACK.
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
DON'T.
YOU NEED TO STAY
AWAY FROM THIS.
I THINK MY SISTER
WOULD WANT ME HERE.
LOOK...
THIS ISN'T JUST
ABOUT ME, ALL RIGHT?
IT'S ABOUT YOU.
I DID THINGS TO
PROTECT YOU THAT YOU
DON'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT.
MY MOTHER TOLD ME
ABOUT THE WILL, OKAY?
AND YOU DIDN'T NEED
TO DO THAT.
I DIDN'T KILL ALI.
I NEVER THOUGHT YOU DID.
( indistinct )
JASON, I HAVE
WATCHED YOU GROW UP.
I'VE SEEN WHAT
YOU'VE GONE THROUGH,
AND I WAS HONEST
WITH YOU LAST NIGHT
BECAUSE I THOUGHT
IT WOULD HELP.
NO, YOU TOLD ME
BECAUSE I DIDN'T
GIVE YOU A CHOICE.
WHY DO YOU THINK
I BOUGHT THAT HOUSE, HUH?
I KNEW WHAT I'D FIND.
ALI WAS GREAT
AT KEEPING SECRETS,
BUT SHE WAS ALSO GREAT
AT PUNISHING PEOPLE
WITH THE TRUTH.
DOES SHE KNOW?
NO.
AND SHE'S NOT GONNA
FIND OUT TONIGHT.
YOU SHOULDN'T BE HERE!
YOU BLACKED OUT.
MAYBE YOU JUST
DON'T REMEMBER
GETTING THE DOORS OPEN.
THAT WASN'T THERE BEFORE.
IT'S A SET OF LATITUDE/
LONGITUDE COORDINATES.
THE TEXT "A" SENT ME
IN THE CHURCH
SAID SHE WAS ABOUT
TO RUN OUT OF AIR.
DID "A" BURY
DR. SULLIVAN ALIVE?
( crickets chirping )
OKAY, I THINK WE HAVE
TO GO LEFT UP HERE,
AND THEN IT'S NOT
MUCH FARTHER.
"NOT MUCH FARTHER"
IN THESE HEELS
IS LIKE A MARATHON
IN FLATS.
CAN'T DO IT.
HERE.
WAIT. IT SAYS THAT
THIS IS IT. WE'RE HERE.
( indistinct sound )
UH... THERE'S
NOTHING HERE.
Guys.
COULD SHE BE UNDER THERE?
( message indicator
rings )
SHE'S STILL ALIVE,
BUT WE SHOULD START DIGGING!
DR. SULLIVAN!
THERE'S
SOMETHING DOWN THERE!
( distant
helicopter approaches )
OH, MY GOD! HER BOOTS!
THOSE ARE HER BOOTS!
GO! FAST!
( all shrieking
and panting )
COME ON!
( indistinct shrieking )
( helicopter approaching )
DR. SULLIVAN!
WHAT THE--?
( helicopter hovering )
THIS IS THE POLICE.
STAY WHERE YOU ARE!
THERE'S NOWHERE TO RUN!
YOU'RE SURROUNDED.
DON'T TRY TO GET AWAY.
"A" SET US UP!
YEAH, BUT FOR WHAT?
THIS IS THE POLICE!
STAY WHERE YOU ARE!
WE KNOW YOU'RE IN THE FOREST.
THERE'S NOWHERE TO RUN.
WELL, VERONICA'S
IN WITH THEM NOW.
SHE'LL SEE THAT
THEY'RE PROTECTED,
BUT THEY'RE GONNA NEED
A CRIMINAL ATTORNEY.
WHAT'S EZRA DOING HERE?
UH... WHY DON'T YOU
HEAR PETER OUT?
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
ELLA.
I KNOW WHY YOU'RE HERE.
YOU NEED TO UNDERSTAND
THAT I...
STOP.
THIS IS
A VERY SMALL TOWN.
PEOPLE SEE THINGS,
AND THEY TALK.
I ACTUALLY
THOUGHT YOU WERE
AN OUTSTANDING TEACHER.
I'M IN LOVE WITH HER.
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU
ONE CHANCE TO WALK
AWAY FROM THIS.
NOT BECAUSE YOU DESERVE IT,
BUT BECAUSE THIS IS
THE LAST THING WE NEED
TO DEAL WITH RIGHT NOW.
AND WHEN YOU GO,
YOU NEED TO KEEP GOING,
BECAUSE IF SPENCER'S
PARENTS FIND OUT ABOUT THIS,
THEY WILL RUIN YOU.
I THOUGHT DETECTIVE WILDEN
WAS FIRED.
HE WAS SUSPENDED
FOR HIS ACTIONS,
BUT HE'S BEEN REINSTATED
AS THE CHIEF OFFICER
IN THIS INVESTIGATION.
HOW COULD THAT HAPPEN?
HE HAS EVIDENCE TO
BACK UP HIS ALLEGATIONS.
AND IT'S SIGNIFICANT,
OR YOU WOULDN'T BE HERE.
HAS ANYONE
CALLED MY PARENTS?
THEY'RE ON THEIR WAY.
( door slams )
WE COULDN'T HAVE COME UP
WITH A BETTER PLAN.
I WISH I COULD SEE
THOSE BITCHES RIGHT NOW.
I'M SORRY THAT THEY
DON'T KNOW THAT WE'RE
DOING THIS TO THEM.
ARE YOU READY TO
GIVE UP YOUR CAREER
IN LAW ENFORCEMENT?
I CAN'T WAIT TO GET RID
OF THIS RIDICULOUS UNIFORM.
IT'S NOT SMART FOR ME
TO WALK OUT OF HERE
TONIGHT.
WELL, YOU'RE MUCH MORE
PATIENT THAN I AM.
I'VE BEEN WAITING
MONTHS TO GET INTO
THAT STORAGE ROOM.
I THINK I CAN
WAIT A LITTLE LONGER
TO QUIT THE FORCE.
Are you still
worried about Jason?
YOU KNOW, HE'S FIGURED OUT
THAT HE'S NOT THE ONE
THAT KILLED HER,
BUT HE'S GOT NO IDEA
THAT WE WROTE THAT NOTE.
AND WE'RE GETTING
AWAY WITH IT.
( chuckles )
WHEN ALISON DiLAURENTIS
WAS MURDERED,
SHE WAS HIT SO HARD,
IT MADE AN INDENTATION
TO HER SKULL.
I'VE GIVEN YOU GUYS
SO MANY CHANCES TO
JUST BE HONEST WITH ME.
EVIDENCE DOESN'T LIE.
WE'VE KNOWN ALL ALONG
WHAT THE MURDER WEAPON WAS.
TONIGHT WE CAUGHT
YOU WITH IT.
TAKE THIS HOME.
AND BURN IT.
IS IT PAGE 5?
IT'S OVER, JENNA.
THERE'S NOTHING LEFT
TO LINK US TO THAT NIGHT.
SHE DESERVED
TO DIE LIKE THAT.
( chuckles softly )
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU!
I'VE DONE EVERYTHING
YOU'VE ASKED ME TO DO.
HOW YOU DOIN'
TONIGHT, PRETTY EYES?
YOU WANT A PIECE OF PIE?